// Questions to be added after the corresponding name

// EDIT: Get more options for these questions! And let's make these questions as ambiguous as we can!!
// EDIT(1) : We can use my questions for the Tough part and yours for the easy part, since they are too straight-forward :(

Vedant:
1) You are driving fast to the hospital since you got a call that your mom met with an accident and is unconsious now. 
   But, in this situation of haste, worry, and panic, you drive recklessly and hit someone and the impact seems pretty strong.
   The time is around 2:00 AM and there is no one other than you two. You stop the car just at the impact. You are horribly scared now! 
   At this instant, you have the following options. What would you choose-
      1) Get out of the car and see if he's okay or not. And if he's unconsious, then just leave this place since anyone no one will ever know that this person died due to you!
      2) Just drive ahead since you don't know how much time does your mom have, without worrying about this man!
      3) Take the man along with you, but remember that in your country there is death penalty for deaths caused by accidents due to reckless driving! So there is a risk that that person is dead!
      4) Call an ambulance from his phone(so that you remain anonymous) and leave the place, so that if that person is dead then you won't have to face a death penalty!
           
 2) You are an arrogant professor with a great amount of ego. You are known to impose very strict punishments on students for slightest of their mistakes.
    Just like always, you find a student copying even this time, during the final exam. You scold him and ask him to hand you over the answer script and leave the place.
    But, he refuses to do so. So, you snatch his paper away and tear it into pieces. That boy is teary eyed now and writes something on the rough sheet, crumbles it, throws it somewhere in the class, and then leaves.
    You go to that crumbled paper, open it, and find a threat for suicide! What will you do now?
      1) Assume that he's lying and trying to manipulate you and so don't do anything.
      2) Run out of the classroom, looking for that boy, putting aside all the ego and arrogance that you have against the students!
      3) Complaint the security head about this matter and then don't give a damn about him
      4) Contact the police and suicide prevention helpline and give his details. 

 3) You are a huge marvel fan and have been waiting for months for endgame to release. But it releases during your exam which is supposed to last for around 10 days.
    Because of your busy schedule, you are unable to meet your gf(who doesn't like marvel at all) for around three weeks. Meanwhile, you also fought on phone and are on a break till the exams end!
    And she's leaving for her home after the exams. So, you will be able to meet her only after the exams end. What will you choose?-
      1) Watch the movie with your friends since she badly misbehaved with you that night and so convert that "break" into a "break-up"!
      2) Convince her somehow to watch movie with you and if she says no, then go for the movie with your friends, since she never agrees to the things that make you feel good!
      3) Forget the movie, keep aside your ego, hope that everything goes fine (and be ready for a possible heartbreak), and take her for a dinner date.
      4) Forget the movie and the date, talk to your mom rather since you haven't talked for around a month and she deserves your love and affection.
      
 4) Your parents are coming to stay with you from tomorrow, after a year, and they wish that you come to pick them up at some 8:00 AM at the airport. 
    But, your bf (about whom they don't know) is going through tough times recently and is on anti-depressants. 
    He plans to talk to his psychiatrist tomorrow about some childhood traumas which have been haunting him for years, and you both think that it's the reason for his depression and suicidal tendencies.
    You receive his call at 1:00 AM, when you are just about to go to sleep. He is crying badly and needs you badly with him today. He's unable to sleep and reveals you that he has been considering suicide since the last three weeks!
    What will you do now? - 
      1) Tell him that your parents are more important than him, since they have raised you and given their love and support to you for 25 years, while he's in your life only for one year!
      2) Talk to your bf or go to his appartment till he feels nice, and then prepare some surprise for your parents, and then reach airport at 7:45 AM, ignoring your sleep
      3) Text a fake story to your parents that a friend of yours met with an accident and so you won't be able to pick them, and then go to your bf and be with him till his counselling session.
      4) Ignore the bf and your parents and complete your sleep rather, since you have had a tough time in the office recently and aren't feeling nice due to lack of sleep.   
      5) Tell your parents everything (who are pretty strict with regards to these things) and bring your bf with you, so that you can spend time with your parents as well as provide support to your bf.

 5) Suppose you are working hard on some home work for 3 days and suddenly at the night of submission, your best friend asks you for the complete assignment since he was unable to work till now because of his depression.
    What will you do now?
      1) Give him the assignment since he is depressed and your bestie as well
      2) Don't give because you worked really hard for this and you don't want your hard work to be copied
      3) Don't give because you are afraid of the punishment if you are caught
      4) Don't give him but rather talk to him now and make him comfortable enough to tell you about his emotional health and try to persuade him to go to a counsellor
            

Shreya:
1) If your exams ended today and your grandparents have come to visit you.
   You have two options -
    1) Go for an after exams party with your friends.
    2) Go out with your grandparents for a dinner.
   What would you choose.
2) Your parents want to come and visit you in your hostel and you have a party to attend the day.
    1) You will call your parents and spend time with them.
    2) You will go with your friends.



3) Today is Friday and you have your exams from Monday of which you haven't prepared much. Now you have 2 asignmant deadlines on Saturday and Sunday and you haven't completed any of them. 
Morever due to quizes this week you haven't slept well either. NOw you have following options to choose. Which one you fell is the best-
    1) Do all the asignment and aim to get all the marks of assignmnet to cover the loss in the upcoming exams for that course.
    2) Leave the assignment or now and staert studying for majors.
    3) Leave everything and sleep properly for a day as health is above everything.
    4) Prioritise one assignment and do it and parallely study for majors by taking 4-5 hrs sleep.
    5) Do all the assignments and study whole night sacrificing your sleep.
4) Your friends are planning a trip to Manali after exams but you have some project work to do after exams, also yor parents are planning to visit you grand parents with you in some other city. What will you do?
    1) Go with your friends and leave your project work as there won't be any network in the mountains.
    2) Stay in colllege and do the project properly.
    3) Go with your parents to your grandparent's and try to do your work as muuch as you can in the meantime.
    4) Go with your parents and do not do any project work.
5) You have given an interview for foreign exchange program and you have been seleced in it but you have been allotted a university with much lower ranking than your college but it is in some European country. What wil you do ?
    1) Go for the exchange program to enjoy the life not thinking of the academics.
    2) Not go the focus on studies here.
    3) Go there but instead of taking part in the activities just attend the classes there and try to catch up with your syllabus in home university.
      (this might affect your countries reputatrion becuase of your less involvement)
    4) Go for exhange and consider it as a personality development opportunity and decide to work more the next semester accepting that forex will bring your class performance down.


6) After a lot of requesting a famous professor at your home university has agreed to offer you a summer internhip proect makng you promise to work hard on it. Suddenly you recieve an unexpected reply from a universiy in London who are willing to offer you an internship. what will you do?
   1) Since you have committed to your prof, you'll respect it and will reject the internship offer.
   2) You will stop contacting this prof all of a sudden and will go for the summer intership withot telling him in the fear of getting scolded for backing ut in the last moment.
   3) Try to do this project while in London making it difficukt to complete any of them.
   4) Request the professor to give the project semester long by making an absurd excuse of not doing in summers and go for internship without telling him.
   5) Since he trusted you and you respect him, you go to the prof and tell him about the offer and ask him for his advice. You go if he says yes and you don'y go if he suggests that his work is more worthy. 


